quiet isn't it it should be or this is
the peaceful little village of boggy bog
Wisconsin where the even tenor of life
is uninterrupted by the noise and clamor
of the workday world work calm and
serenity reign unchallenged in the cold
vastness of Veda
of the deep forest plain old everything
they're gaining Gilmore can Tony pass
fast I can but his trusty told me back
when it's time to turn the page except
it's not under math professor I've
called off my birdbrain buddy it's just
the state of mind
well that's not cause any state lines
professor that's real trouble that's a
federal offenses pull out of a side road
come on left right right left and the
strange conveyance Porter will stop
before a neat little home by the side of
the street I wonder who resides in this
quaint concept gauge his name and the
box what is it
it's mail u.s. mail thank you hey right
over here let me see that
Oh my name is Fupa hoppity hop hop you
almost here perfect I'll put the
back of the house Somerset and then join
me on the front porch time to pour of
course all right we're going to pay a
social call on this Hooper chap in a
twinkling film I had hidden the truck in
the two Rascals stood at the front door
who is it
this is eyes of a half a day your
long-lost uncle my love was what poppity
pop worry my little nephew bad luck
again damn IRA saw you before in my life
talk laddie
I've known you since you were this huh
ha ha oh I er I am mouth
Oh Fillmore he doesn't remember me I've
been away too long you've been in the
Sun too long
well Cronin where we are are still the
same little gentleman isn't he Carlisle
who's he oh I almost forgot
hoppity this is your cousin a cousin had
more still more bad doggy or would
forget he's my cousin remember you said
it first
Oh a picture of your dear dear mother
that's whistlers mother well a different
of yours be boys that's my mother of
course it is you sure don't look alike
well she took out the father's side of
the family
hey hoppity
you in there Michelle what is it we're
chasing some phony snake oil peddler and
his sidekick Foley I'll have his badge
ha ha you seen any strangers in these
parts strangers and though there's no
resemblance no no nobody's here but some
runners of mine Cheryl okay see you
later hominid oh yeah that was close
Bentley what I said we were very close
well uncle Waldo Waldo he goes well you
figured to be in town a matter of fact
dear boy I'm already on my way business
you know there with Atlas now come on
please
I prefer to think of us as roving
retailers observe our portable Emporium
everything for everybody from pots and
pans to rubber bands from needles and
pins for mandolins and Peter Ames Indian
guide Alexia young an old dog show
little a they go for chills fevers
vaults and broken eggs makes a brilliant
hand cream also waxes flaws shiny bright
gee what's Anadarko Waldo there living
me boy I mean on the medicine oh that's
rather their precious herbs milord
special compounds of roots box and that
is that I fill the bottles with water
like you told me water
Oh why'd you get the water damn from
that little bubbling spring out back no
not that - what you matter but that's
wonderful Lingam bangs playing that's
bad lad bad just look what happens when
I walk again that's positively
supernatural it's uncanny and spooky -
well what in the world is the terrible
secret of ring-a-ding spring be back
next time to meet hoppity Hooper's
starring in the things in the spring